Things I like: concrete interiors, black shirts, black licorice, watermelon, 
women's skating, Bauhaus furniture, americanos, americanos with cannelés, 
listening to interviews on walks, cardamom, Capricorns, hand-drawn animation,
river otters, readings grammar references, brown cheese, feeling a pump in 
the chest, classical saxophone, sparkling water, stories from childhood. 

Things I dislike: slow walkers, the taste and smell of cheese, remakes,
the sound made by waxy produce jostling in a plastic bag, mulch, berry
teas, political poetry, chocolate ice cream, needing to close tabs, eating
around the bone, shopping for shoes, superhero movies, reading outside, 
American-style pancakes, haphazard romanization, Dr. Pepper, bowling.


Things I like: sour mandarins, a mossy underbrush, detailed etymology entries,
a fallen cedar's red heartwood, hot baths, Norwegian jazz music, biographical 
documentaries, a deskspace decorated with knick-knacks, wearing yukata, narrow 
streets, leather perfumes, Virginia Woolf, words ending in vowels, mechanical 
pencils, rose flavoured sweets, 


Things I dislike: most jazz vocals, mixing matcha with sugar, tardiness, 
standing in the cold, liquor, New Historicism, the look of a flat palm, 
tinsel, watching hockey, 


Things I like: video calls, the tart peel of a kiwi, farmer's markets, 
polyphonic folk music, golden era bodybuilding, the personal websites 
of professors, art bookstores, donuts, POPEYE magazine, strawberry 
creamcheese, swimming in the rain, browsing someone's bookshelf, sleeping 
in cramped spaces,



I avoided contacting you for so long because I wasn't sure how you would feel hearing from me. When we stopped talking, there was still so much I wanted to learn about you, things I've wanted to share with you. and I have just missed you for such a long time, but I didn't want to burden you anymore by contacting you. But that day when you responded so warmly, it felt like a thick fog had lifted from over my head and you gave me such relief and calm. But a few days later, nothing could have prepared me for the deep happiness I felt when I saw you again face to face, spoke with you, and held you, it almost felt as if no time had passed at all. I was almost scared at the happiness I was feeling. Since then, I've been unable to sleep at night, lying awake wondering if you've been thinking about that night as well. 

Seeing you again gave me so much happiness, and selfishly, I just want to talk with you all day. But more than my own happiness, what I really want is for you to be happy. But I don't want to continue waiting for you if you would rather continue on as friends. I don't think anything could make me happier if I could try to repay you for the happiness you gave me, and be the one who gets to make you laugh and smile. But if you feel we can only be friends, then I want to respect your wishes too. What do you say, Seongjae? Would you give me another chance?

오랫동안 연락을 피했던 까닭은 제가 연락을 받으면 어떤 기분이 들지 몰라 두려워서 그랬어요. 우리가 대화를 멈췄을 때도 여전히 너에 대해 배우고 싶었던 것들과, 너와 공유하고 싶었던 것들이 너무 많았어요. 오랫동안 너를 굉장히 그리워했지만 더 이상 연락을 하면서 너에게 부담을 주고 싶지 않았어요. 하지만 당신이 따뜻하게 답장을 보내주셨을 그날, 제 머리 위로 짙게 깔린 안개가 걷히는 것 같았고 안도감과 평온함을 느끼게 해주셨어요. 며칠 후 다시 얼굴을 마주하고 이야기를 나누고 안았을 때 느꼈던 깊은 행복은 그 무엇으로도 준비할 수가 진짜 없었어요. 마치 시간이 전혀 지나지 않은 것처럼 느껴졌어요. 그 행복감이 너무 커서 사실 두려울 정도였어요. 그 이후로 밤에 잠을 이루지 못하고 너도 그날 밤에 대해 생각하고 있는지 궁금해하며 계속 깨어 있어요. 

당신을 다시 만나서 너무 행복했고 이기적으로 간단히 하면 하루 종일 당신과 이야기하고 싶어요. 하지만 사실 나 자신의 행복보다도 나는 네가 행복하길 바라는 마음뿐이에요. 하지만 네가 친구로 계속 지내길 원한다면 부담을 계속 주고 더 이상 기다리고 싶지 않아요. 내가 너에게 준 행복에 보답할 수 있다면, 그리고 너를 웃게 해줄 사람이 될 수 있다면 그보다 더 행복할 수는 없을 것 같아요. 그래도 우리가 친구로만 지낼 수 있다고 생각한다면 그 마음도 잘 받들고 싶어요. 성재야, 어떻게 생각하나요? 나한테 한 번만 더 기회를 주겠어요?

"The memory of your body, its familiar warmth, now presses back against my fingertips. They hover nervously at first around your shape until, settling, the memory is filled with blood and tissue, with the certainty of a body. I draw the body closer, and your lips approach my ear with wet words I long to be drenched in. Closer and closer, your cheek moves closer until finally it was a brand against mine. I lean into it like into hot pavement, itself a red sun, burning in the black with the heat of sunken sunlight. This too becomes a memory."

The music was a thunderous cacophony, but your voice, carried on breath I ached to be inundated by, reached me in a delicate murmur.

The music was a relentless beating, but your voice, carried on breath I yearned to be drenched in, reached me in a gentle whisper.

The memory of your body, a light once known, now emanating from my fingertips, the waves of sound that surround us, the breath that carries the words meant only for us, the nearness of your cheek, a warmth that draws us together with each word, until finally we meet, two flames in the night, basked in the remnants of a sun that has set."

"We bask in its glow, in this moment."

"Your body, a remembered warmth now pressing against my fingertips, the surge of music that surrounds us, the words you whisper in my ear, secrets only for this night, your cheek, a heat that draws near with each utterance, until finally it meets mine, two sparks in the dark, still ablaze with the fading light of day."

"We burn, in this place."

The memory of your body, once known, now echoes from my fingertips, amidst the throbbing sound of the club, the breath that carries the words for our ears only, the closeness of your cheek, the heat that gathers with each whispered syllable until it finally meets mine, two flickering lights in the darkness, basked in the remnants of a sun long since set."

"We bask, in this moment, in the remnants of a sun long since set, in a world where the music thunders and our whispers carry on the air, where the heat of our bodies draws us close, two flickers of light in the dark, echoes of remembered warmth."

"In its glow."